c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\PivotPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\PivotPage.g.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Debug\PivotPage.xbf
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Debug\FigDating.xr.xml
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Debug\FigDating.exe
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Debug\FigDating.pdb
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Debug\FigDating.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\PivotPage.xaml
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\PivotPage.xbf
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\FigDating.exe
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\FigDating.pdb
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\AddNew.g.i.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\AddNew.g.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\AddNew.xaml
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\AddNew.xbf
C:\Users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.g.i.cs
C:\Users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.g.cs
C:\Users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.xaml
C:\Users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.xbf
C:\Users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Debug\AddNew.xbf
C:\Users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Debug\Themes\Generic.xbf
