C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Release\App.xbf
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Release\AddNew.xbf
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Release\ItemPage.xbf
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Release\PivotPage.xbf
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Release\FigDating.xr.xml
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Release\FigDating.exe
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Release\FigDating.pdb
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Release\resources.pri
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Release\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Release\FigDating.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\AddNew.g.i.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\AddNew.g.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\ItemPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\ItemPage.g.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\PivotPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\PivotPage.g.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\App.xaml
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\AddNew.xaml
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\ItemPage.xaml
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\PivotPage.xaml
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\App.xbf
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\AddNew.xbf
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\PivotPage.xbf
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\FigDating.exe
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\FigDating.pdb
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\yuizhou\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\Themes\Generic.g.i.cs
C:\Users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\Themes\Generic.g.cs
C:\Users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\bin\Release\Themes\Generic.xbf
C:\Users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\Themes\Generic.xaml
C:\Users\yuizhou\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FigDating\FigDating\obj\Release\Themes\Generic.xbf
